<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title/>
<link href="../Styles/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="../Styles/queries.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <script src="../Misc/jquery-2.1.4.js" type="application/javascript"/>
</head>
<body>

<h1 class="align-center">Let’s start simple</h1>

<blockquote>
	<p class="align-right">He heard footsteps running to and fro in the rooms, and up and down stairs behind him.  His landlady came to the door, loosely wrapped in dressing gown and shawl; her husband followed ejaculating.</p>
</blockquote>

<p class="no-indent"><span class="drop-cap">T</span>hey were very quick and abrupt in their actions, and their speech, in  moments of hot discussion over the allotment of the choicer teeth, was  truly a gabble. They spoke in monosyllables and short jerky sentences  that was more a gibberish than a language. And yet, through it ran hints  of grammatical construction, and appeared vestiges of the conjugation  of some superior culture. Even the speech of Granser was so corrupt that  were it put down literally it would be almost so much nonsense to the  reader. This, however, was when he talked with the boys.</p>

<p>When he got into the full swing of babbling to himself, it slowly purged  itself into pure English. The sentences grew longer and were enunciated  with a rhythm and ease that was reminiscent of the lecture platform.</p>

<p>"Tell us about the Red Death, Granser," Hare-Lip demanded, when the  teeth affair had been satisfactorily concluded.</p>

<p>"The Scarlet Death," Edwin corrected.</p>

<p>"An' don't work all that funny lingo on us," Hare-Lip went on. "Talk  sensible, Granser, like a Santa Rosan ought to talk. Other Santa Rosans  don't talk like you."</p>

<p>The old man showed pleasure in being thus called upon. He cleared his  throat and began.</p>

<p>"Twenty or thirty years ago my story was in great demand. But in these  days nobody seems interested&mdash;"</p>

<p>"There you go!" Hare-Lip cried hotly. "Cut out the funny stuff and talk  sensible. What's interested? You talk like a baby that don't know  how."</p>

<p>"Let him alone," Edwin urged, "or he'll get mad and won't talk at all.  Skip the funny places. We'll catch on to some of what he tells us."</p>

<p>"Let her go, Granser," Hoo-Hoo encouraged; for the old man was already  maundering about the disrespect for elders and the reversion to cruelty  of all humans that fell from high culture to primitive conditions.</p>

<p>I accompanied Sola and Dejah Thoris in a search for new quarters, which we found in a building nearer the audience chamber and of far more pretentious architecture than our former habitation</p>

<p>We also found in this building real sleeping apartments with ancient beds of highly wrought metal swinging from enormous gold chains depending from the marble ceilings</p>

<p>The decoration of the walls was most elaborate, and, unlike the frescoes in the other buildings I had examined, portrayed many human figures in the compositions</p>

<p>These were of people like myself, and of a much lighter color than Dejah Thoris</p>

<p>"I'll go and fetch my master, who won't be much pleased, however, to be disturbed."</p>

<hr/>

<p class="no-indent">The passenger bowed to Fix, and returned to the steamer.</p>

<p>The detective passed down the quay, and rapidly made his way to the consul's office, where he was at once admitted to the presence of that official.</p>

<p>"Consul," said he, without preamble, "I have strong reasons for believing that my man is a passenger on the Mongolia." And he narrated what had just passed concerning the passport.</p>

<p>"Well, Mr. Fix," replied the consul, "I shall not be sorry to see the rascal's face; but perhaps he won't come here&mdash;that is, if he is the person you suppose him to be.  A robber doesn't quite like to leave traces of his flight behind him; and, besides, he is not obliged to have his passport countersigned."</p>

<p>"If he is as shrewd as I think he is, consul, he will come."</p>

<p>"To have his passport visaed?"</p>

<p>"Yes. Passports are only good for annoying honest folks, and aiding in the flight of rogues. I assure you it will be quite the thing for him to do; but I hope you will not visa the passport."</p>


<script src="http://localhost:8080//node_modules/socket.io-client/socket.io.js"></script><script src="http://localhost:8080/libs/elr.js"></script>
</body>
</html>